the samsung televisions of the h 7 series
thousand are smart TVs with panels
full hd led and 3d technology
these TVs have a very design
modern the linear stand the frame
thin with metal finishes have been
carefully designed to give away one
sober elegance in your living room
allow you to focus the view on
what you're looking at the back of the tv is
as usual dedicated to the doors of
communication inputs and outputs are
numerous and allow interfacing
easily and intuitively the
device with external TV devices
full hd samsung of the series a casette
mila mount an ultra clear bread display
the land with image processor 3 of
imperia the engine and different technologies
for the improvement of the image as
microgaming pro wide color enhancer plus
seclì armo shaun wright 800 all yes
translates into extremely images
Detailed with excellent range of colors and
above all without the annoying effect
afterimage 3d technology is obviously
very precise and will give you an experience
of entertainment as in the cinema
this thanks to the panel performance
but also to the fantastic 2.2 audio system
with dolby dts premium sound and 3d sound
there are really many features
available from samsung for this series
of tv
first of all the possibility of entering
in multi screen mode and have two
screenshots visible at the same time but
let's not forget the potential
smart TV offers that will allow you
easy internet access through
which it will be possible to browse watch
streaming movies browse the news and
chat on social networks or
even play in company
samsung smart TVs offer you the
better than technology with a
simplicity the experience of
entertainment never experienced before
thanks also to the exclusive functions
smart interaction et des recommendation
samsung smart tv are not able to
follow your vocal instructions e
gestures to search in program schedules
something you like but it is also
able to find out about programs by itself
that you might like based on
your habits and your tastes
to all this we add the new one
football function designed for lovers
of the sport that will allow you to enjoy
in full all the excitement of football
while sitting comfortably in an armchair
recreating a real atmosphere
from the stadium
samsung h 7 thousand is a complete smart TV
an elegantly designed device
suitable for every stay and ideal for
entertainment lovers